what i've been in this queue for nearly
25 minutes
ah what absolute are you going to
panic by me this year
another apron that says i'm a
secret ingredient
no
hey um can you just ask dad if mum needs
a new epilady
my god why can't you you know he never
answers his phone
jeff jeff jeff jeff
paul wants to know does elizabeth need a
new epilady
what does elizabeth need a new epi lady
do you need a new epilady elizabeth no
no no okay okay um
what about a michael kors clutch or a
massive
suitcase oh julia do you have any set of
tape and scissors
right yes don't need to worry about
wrapping paper
we recycled all ours from last year
um are we eating today
hey it's christmas eve
i mean nobody eats there's food
everywhere just peeler satsuma
crocodiles
tuck into a quarter of a minute you're
coughing dodging on
signed by him no okay what about jaeger
sockets
sunglasses julia where are all the
towels i can only find the crispy ones
you use for the dogs
it's like drying myself in a wheat fix
okay well give me a minute i'll just pop
down to
harrods and purchase you a cashmere bath
sheet oh julia no because i live to
serve and i i just have all this to do
all
this if you just give me nine hours to
spit it up christmas
and then i can dust off my tower loom
and weave you one
from the hair from a baby naruto all
right julia
i'll use one of the crispy ones hmm